{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 The Soul Gardners Inspirational Poems\line\par
1. Acknowledgment & Inclusion\par
(Featuring: Rose, Hyacinth)\par
\par
In the garden of life, please take note,\par
Acknowledgment, a message we promote.\par
Like a rose that does bloom, in love's tender room,\par
Its fragrance on the breeze, we dote.\par
\par
Hyacinth in the spring, a sight of inclusion,\par
Its clusters of flowers, a beautiful illusion.\par
Like them, may you find, your unique place entwined,\par
In a world where love is the conclusion.\par
\par
2. Commencement & Genesis\par
(Featuring: Daisy, Sunflower)\par
\par
Sunflower tall, against summer's bright sky,\par
Symbol of commencement, ambitions held high.\par
Like it, may you grow, let your golden heart show,\par
Your dreams are within reach, if you try.\par
\par
Daisy's genesis each spring, a delight,\par
In fields and in meadows, a beautiful sight.\par
Like them, start anew, to your hopes stay true,\par
Bloom where you are planted, in the day and the night.\par
\par
3. Exploration & Discovery\par
(Featuring: Daffodil, Orchid)\par
\par
An orchid's journey is one of mystery,\par
Its blooming requires an explorer's history.\par
Like it, may you dare, to breathe unfamiliar air,\par
In exploration & discovery, lies the key.\par
\par
As daffodils bravely face the spring's sun,\par
Their journey of life has only just begun.\par
Like them, you'll unfold, tales yet untold,\par
In every direction, you'll fearlessly run.\par
\par
4. Brilliance & Luminescence\par
(Featuring: Lily, Iris)\par
\par
The lily, in its brilliance, unfolds,\par
In silence, its beauty it silently holds.\par
Like it, let your light, shine ever so bright,\par
Reflecting the wisdom your soul beholds.\par
\par
Iris, in luminescence, finds its place,\par
Radiating beauty, elegance, and grace.\par
Like them, you're unique, let your true self speak,\par
In every season, your brilliance embrace.\par
\par
5. Trust & Confidence\par
(Featuring: Lilac, Dahlia)\par
\par
A lilac, in bloom, trusts the spring's tune,\par
In trust & confidence, it will flourish soon.\par
With heart open wide, and fears set aside,\par
Like it, may you dance to life's ever-changing rune.\par
\par
The dahlia stands tall, in the summer's thrall,\par
Its confidence evident, making us enthralled.\par
May you, too, stand strong, where you truly belong,\par
In the garden of life, may you never feel small.\par
\par
6. Fortitude & Achievement\par
(Featuring: Chrysanthemum, Gladiolus)\par
\par
Chrysanthemum, in fall's cool embrace,\par
Shows fortitude in every trace.\par
Like it, may you show, a resilience glow,\par
And greet each challenge with grace.\par
\par
Gladiolus spikes upward, aiming for the skies,\par
In achievement, it boldly, endlessly strives.\par
May you, like it, rise, meet your own prize,\par
Every day, a new height, your spirit contrives.\par
\par
7. Kindness & Empathy\par
(Featuring: Lotus, Jasmine)\par
\par
Lotus blooms amidst murky depths,\par
With kindness it rises, taking steady steps.\par
May you, too, rise above strife,\par
And bring forth kindness in life.\par
\par
In the cool night air, Jasmine exudes her sweet care,\par
Her empathy abundant, beyond compare.\par
May you spread warmth like her fragrance in the night,\par
Your empathy, a beacon, shining bright.\par
\par
8. Elegance & Grace\par
(Featuring: Magnolia, Marigold)\par
\par
Magnolia, elegant in her bloom,\par
Even in silence, she can fill a room.\par
Like her, may you hold your space,\par
Moving through life with elegance and grace.\par
\par
Marigold, a graceful sight, in the daylight bright,\par
An inspiring spectacle, to ignite our light.\par
May you, like it, display grace in your stance,\par
In the dance of life, may you joyously prance.\par
\par
9. Zeal & Delight\par
(Featuring: Tulip, Carnation)\par
\par
Tulips rise with the sun, full of zeal,\par
Bursting forth from winter's seal.\par
May you awaken each day with their same delight,\par
Eager to face the day, from morning to night.\par
\par
Carnation's blooms are a cheerful sight,\par
Radiating joy, banishing night.\par
May your spirit, like them, burn bright,\par
Spreading zeal and delight in every light.\par
\par
10. Concentration & Attention\par
(Featuring: Zinnia, Bellflower)\par
\par
Zinnia stands tall, in vibrant concentration,\par
A beacon of focus in nature's creation.\par
May your efforts, like its bloom, rise and sway,\par
Giving full attention to the challenges of the day.\par
\par
Bellflower tolls the hours, its blue bells chime,\par
An emblem of care, of attention to time.\par
Like the bellflower, may you attend to your quest,\par
With concentration that never rests.\par
\par
11. Enjoyment & Satisfaction\par
(Featuring: Camellia, Peony)\par
\par
Camellia, blooming in winter's desolation,\par
A symbol of enjoyment and vivid fascination.\par
May you find joy in every season's presentation,\par
And take satisfaction in life's every creation.\par
\par
Peony, in spring, spreads wide its petals' expanse,\par
Its charm invites us into a delicate dance.\par
May your heart bloom with equal satisfaction,\par
Finding enjoyment in every interaction.\par
\par
12. Evolving & Progressing\par
(Featuring: Crocus, White Rose)\par
\par
Crocus, the first to greet the spring,\par
Evolving from bulb to a blossoming thing.\par
May you, like the crocus, rise and thrive,\par
Progressing and growing, as long as you're alive.\par
\par
White rose, evolving from bud to bloom,\par
Shows us beauty doesn't stay in the womb.\par
May you progress and adapt, like the rose so pure,\par
In every stage of life, secure and sure.\par
\par
13. Vitality & Movement\par
(Featuring: Calla Lily, Cherry Blossom)\par
\par
Calla Lily, with her trumpet bloom so bright,\par
Inspires vitality from morning till night.\par
In the movement of seasons, she doesn't tire,\par
Steadfastly blooming, setting hearts afire.\par
\par
Cherry Blossom, in fleeting spring does grace,\par
Signifies life's movement at a brisk pace.\par
May you, like these blossoms, sway and dance,\par
Carrying vitality in every glance.\par
\par
14. Serenity & Stillness\par
(Featuring: Lavender, Sage)\par
\par
Lavender, with fragrance soothing and mild,\par
Promotes serenity, calming the inner child.\par
In a bustling world that's seldom still,\par
Lavender reminds us of the quiet thrill.\par
\par
Sage, in summer blooms with silver hue,\par
Invokes stillness, a pause, a moment to renew.\par
May you, like sage, stand tall and tranquil,\par
Serenity guiding your personal will.\par
\par
15. Pledge & Realization\par
(Featuring: Hydrangea, Freesia)\par
\par
Hydrangea, with clusters vast and wide,\par
Speaks of pledges made with pride.\par
In summer's glory, she unfolds her blooms,\par
Echoing vows that realization looms.\par
\par
Freesia, with fragrance sweet and clear,\par
Whispers promises into the listener's ear.\par
May your pledges, like her scents, take flight,\par
And realization dawn, pure and bright.\par
\par
16. Minimalism & Plenitude\par
(Featuring: Lily of the Valley, Allium)\par
\par
Lily of the Valley, petite and pure,\par
Champions minimalism, simple allure.\par
Yet, in her humble form, beauty thrives,\par
Teaching plenitude in simplified lives.\par
\par
Allium, with her globe-like clusters grand,\par
Stands for plenitude, in minimalistic land.\par
May you, like these flowers, see the worth,\par
In the simplest of pleasures on this earth.\par
\par
17. Direction & Management\par
(Featuring: Snapdragons, Morning Glory)\par
\par
In gardens wild, Snapdragons rise,\par
Their direction strong beneath the skies.\par
Guiding each petal, stem, and leaf,\par
In management lies belief.\par
\par
Morning Glory, with her swift ascent,\par
Teaches management with good intent.\par
May you chart a course that's true,\par
And manage well in all you do.\par
\par
18. Quintessence & Poise\par
(Featuring: Echinacea, Lion's Tail)\par
\par
Echinacea, with petals reaching wide,\par
In her core, quintessence does reside.\par
She holds her head with elegant poise,\par
Amid the garden's noise.\par
\par
Lion's Tail, in golden pride, soars,\par
Exudes poise as it effortlessly roars.\par
May you discover your quintessential grace,\par
And navigate life with poised pace.\par
\par
19. Insight & Verity\par
(Featuring: Pansy, Forget-Me-Not)\par
\par
Pansy, with her face so true,\par
Presents insight in vibrant hues.\par
In each delicate petal's fold,\par
Life's verity is told.\par
\par
Forget-Me-Not, in her gentle way,\par
Speaks verity day by day.\par
Seeking insight deep and vast,\par
May you find your truths at last.\par
\par
20. Detoxification & Restoration\par
(Featuring: Poppy, Butterfly Bush)\par
\par
Poppy, with her vibrant bloom,\par
Whispers of detoxification, a natural tune.\par
Shedding the old, welcoming the new,\par
A path of restoration to pursue.\par
\par
Butterfly Bush, a haven of rebirth,\par
Echoes restoration's worth.\par
May your spirit detoxify and renew,\par
Restored, like morning dew.\par
\par
21. Gallantry & Creativity\par
(Featuring: Cosmos, Geranium)\par
\par
Cosmos, a celestial show, radiant and bright,\par
Its gallantry unmatched, a true knight.\par
Blooming boldly in colors so free,\par
Reflects creativity's spree.\par
\par
Geranium, with clusters grand,\par
Lends creativity a hand.\par
In your heart, may gallantry abide,\par
As your creative tides coincide.\par
\par
22. Concession & Enlightenment\par
(Featuring: Bird of Paradise, Hibiscus)\par
\par
Bird of Paradise, elegant and tall,\par
In concession, we find no fall.\par
An enlightened view to embrace,\par
In each unfolding grace.\par
\par
Hibiscus, with its radiant hue,\par
A symbol of enlightenment, true.\par
May concession light your way,\par
To an enlightened, brighter day.\par
\par
23. Appreciation & Bliss\par
(Featuring: Bluebell, Azalea)\par
\par
In the forest, the Bluebell's gentle nod,\par
Whispers of appreciation to the sod.\par
Its soft blue hue stirs the heart's abyss,\par
A silent sigh of nature's bliss.\par
\par
Azalea, a dazzling spring display,\par
An emblem of appreciation, some say.\par
May its vibrant colors inspire this,\par
A heart full of appreciation and bliss.\par
\par
24. Conversation & Quietude\par
(Featuring: Wisteria, Black-Eyed Susan)\par
\par
Wisteria, hanging like a silent song,\par
In its quietude, conversations belong.\par
Its fragrant whispers wafting in the air,\par
Encourage hearts to openly share.\par
\par
Black-eyed Susan, with its golden face,\par
Inspires a calm, conversation's embrace.\par
May its peaceful gaze in the morning light,\par
Encourage conversation and quietude's delight.\par
\par
25. Phenomena & Shift\par
(Featuring: Lotus, Zinnia)\par
\par
A Lotus, breaking free from the mire,\par
Phenomena of transformation, higher.\par
Its journey, a constant shift in sight,\par
From murky depths to sunlight's bright.\par
\par
Zinnia, the heat of summer's friend,\par
A shift in seasons, messages send.\par
Its resilience, a vibrant cue,\par
Embrace the phenomena, become something new.\par
\par
26. Autonomy & Motion\par
(Featuring: Dianthus, Gardenia)\par
\par
Dianthus, in vibrant hues self-composed,\par
Teaches autonomy, as the garden's proposed.\par
In the dance of the sun, and whisper of the ocean,\par
Nature thrives in autonomous motion.\par
\par
Gardenia, with fragrance rich and wild,\par
A solitary bloom, nature's child.\par
An emblem of autonomy, pure and white,\par
In life's garden, find your motion, take flight.\par
}
 